hi guys welcome to ChaCha
I'm some girl yes today I'm going to
show you how to make it's the meat bumpy
sandwich it's done I'm going to make it
my own style then I'm going to fill up
with deep fry Billy you're what I know I
always making with a Vietnamese barbecue
pork because that is our favorite all
the time but I got this beautiful belly
right here
from H Mart so I'm going to make it with
different properly before you start I'm
going to turn up oven 400 degrees to
toast my business but when I was about
the different market from a bakery in
Atlanta Georgia and I'm going to heat up
oil medium medium-high and I'm going to
just slice it in me you just need that
one pound of poo belly and the porter
plus belly then I'm not gonna season at
all people are frying because if you
seasoned it put something on the
properly when you deep fry in the oil
gets study and the propeller to come to
the cooler color it's double a nice
golden brown we don't want to happen
this time
hopefully into the mayonnaise
Thunder May 30 Friday actually have all
the flavors shockula
English we need two cloves of garlic and
I'm going to add a 1/2 mass of black
pepper 1 tablespoon 2 tablespoon of
coconut water dressing is ready we'll
slice the cucumber - from the camera
from the sandwich this can be important
to converts by paper to convert to use
it's because the skin is really tender
the seas are not a strong it's very very
close to the cucumber I use to use in
Korea and I'm going to slice up
right I'm gonna heat up again these are
just extremely lighting in function I
asked what's your secret bribe and
you're like oh we can tell you so about
5-10 minutes to just crunchy on the
outside I would defy twice for extra
extra time but this is how it looks
after first fry now would increase the
heat to about medium to medium-high
so it's 370 degrees and here is the
pickled radish and carrot that I always
have in my refrigerator like I have a
Gucci all the time my refrigerator it's
like that but when I'm eating Korean
barbecue or Vietnamese cuisine use a lot
of it so I always keep it and I have a
recipe which must be already on my
website and also on my blog and I will
pull down to the description box so
please check it up don't get up don't
get the squirrel
why my bread is a little cooling down so
I can handle it I'm going to deep fry
the rest of the belly just make sure
they're not spitting each other how many
cubic you put the directly into the
dressing I'm going to - a little bit of
baby sauce because this dressing on it -
so we want to just bail
bacon salsa flavor no Peggy sauce is a
very very special kind of season
seasoning sauce is always in the
Vietnamese sandwich in that unique
flavor
happiness wives which is optional with
chicory I just like this into it and of
course we don't finish
thanks for watching me today please like
share and subscribe my channel and enjoy
my recipe and don't forget to recap so
what you want to see from me next video
and I'll see you next time